                   -- Data Tools --

    This module introduced the basics of data inputs and 
displaying the results on graphs. Many factors come in 
to play with data sets, especially for the examples used 
in this module. These grpahs allow the user to determine 
trends and patterns with specific data points and allow 
for predictions to be made about future results based on 
the trends and patterns that are shown in the graphs. 

                     -- Big Data --

    This section focused on large data sets with lots of 
information. There is so much data in this world. To 
store all of the data that's out there, every person in 
the world would need 1000 smartphones to be able to store 
it. With largedata sets, a couple things need to be 
considered: How will the data be stored? How can the data 
be processed efficiently? (Khanacademy.org) Things like
data centers are created to house thousands of hard drives
for organizations that use huge amounts of data and need 
to store it all. 

               -- Bias in Machine Learning --
    
    Machine learning is an algorithm that improves itself 
after gaining experience from processing data and 
improving itself automatically based on the properties and 
experience obtained from the data. Much like things learned 
in the book Hello World, these machine learning algorthims 
are used for things like networks, the criminal justice
system to determine if someone is likely to commit a crime, 
hiring decisions, and much more. As always, there can be 
lessons learned from the biasesness or inacurate data that
comes from these algorithms. 

                      -- Unit Test --
    
    The unit test showed me that I am familiar with how to 
read data sets and ask the right questions to efficiently 
analyze the data and what type of tools are best used for 
these types of activities. I got 8/9 questions correct. 
I was surprised by how well I was able to ready and interpret 
data and be able to determine what different graphs and data
sets are showing or prediciting based on patterns and trends 
as well as what type of information is available from the data. 